README.md, before:

# Light-Party-5e
Light Party 5e - A project converting FFXIV to D&amp;D 5th Edition

# Changelog
## Astrologian

## Bard

## Black Mage

## Blue Mage

## Dancer

## Dark Knight

## Dragoon

## Gunbreaker

### V2
- New: Subclasses: Shadow Hunter & Chemmonger Contingents
- Adjusted: Burst Strike upgrade at Level 11 allows you to push a creature back 15 feet, rather than dropping an item.
- Adjusted: Provoker fighting style can only be used once per turn; now only effects creatures within 5 feet
- Adjusted: Cleaned up the wording on Brutal Shell; now allows for you to directly give the target the temp HP when targetting another creature.
- Reworked: Bloodfest now restores two cartridges when you roll initiative and have no cartridges remaining.
- Adjusted: Queen’s Guard Contingent’s Royal Guard has had it’s wording cleaned up, duration shortened, and range reduced to 5 feet.
- Adjusted: Superbolide requires a reaction to activate.
- Adjusted: Ravager Contingent’s No Mercy no longer grants extra damage, or gives a penalty to AC; now gives advantage if the target has less than half HP, and 10 extra speed; now only lasts until the end of the user’s turn.
- Adjusted: Ravager Contingent’s Terminal Trigger now triggers when reducing a creature to less than half HP; it also requires a cartridge and a bonus action to execute.
- Adjusted: Ravager Contingent’s Wicked Talon no longer requires a cartridge.
### V1 - 25/04/2022
- First draft of the class. 3 subclasses: Queen’s Guard, Ravager and Elementalist Contingents

## Machinist

### V3
- New: Subclass: Construction Industry
- New: Gadgets: Defibrillator, Hoverboard
- Fixed: Missing gadget from V2: Drill
- Adjusted: Battery Points start at 25, scaling to 120, rather than scaling with level.
- Adjusted: All gadgets now require either an action or bonus action to activate. Gadget heat gain has been adjusted across the board.
- Adjusted: Subclasses now gain features at 7th, 11th and 14th level, rather than 6th, 10th and 15th.
- Adjusted: All subclass main 3rd level features now cost battery, are considered gadgets, and gain heat.
- Removed: Extra Attack, Reload, Gauss Round. Leans into firearms loading property only allowing one attack, and most gadgets being Actions anyway.
- Reworked: Hypercharge now doubles stored heat dice, as many bonus action gadget options grant a single heat die now.
- Adjusted: Tool Expertise and Combat Roll Improvement moved to 6th level.
- Reworked: Master Machinist gives damage bonus on gadgets & heat damage.
- Adjusted: Rapid Recharge is now at 18th level, rather than gained at 14th and improved at 18th.
- Adjusted: Reassemble can now be reused for a hefty battery point cost.
- Reworked: Marksman Industry’s ‘Grazing Shot’ is now ‘Graze Scope.’
- Adjusted: Marksman Industry’s ‘Between the Eyes’ is now ‘Marksman’s Spite.’ Same effect, but it now deals extra damage if the attack beats the target’s AC by 5 or more.
- Adjusted: Demolition Industry’s ‘Explosive Innovator’ is now ‘Elemental Grenades.’ Now costs battery and damage is reduced to 2d6.
- Adjusted: Demolition Industry’s ‘Greater Grenades’ increases the damage of grenades to 3d6 as well as heat gain.
- Adjusted: Automaton Industry’s ‘Automaton Queen’ now requires an action and 20 battery points to summon. Pile Bunker costs battery, damage recued to 2d8. Automaton Queen can now be healed by the mending cantrip. Can no longer sacrifice attack to allow it to attack.
- Adjusted: Automaton Industry’s ‘Quick Repairs’ no longer lets you heal the Automaton Queen.
- Removed: Automaton Industry’s ‘Promotion.’
- New: Mechanical Fury at 11th level for the Automaton Industry.
- Adjusted: Automaton Industry’s ‘Emergency Barrier’ moved to 14th level. Can now be triggered from any damage.
- Adjusted: Commander Industry’s ‘Tactician’ is now ‘Tactical Radio.’
- Adjusted: Changed the wording of the Commander Industry Analysis feature to clarify “strongest” and “weakest” saving throws. The feature now only requires a bonus action to be used.
- Adjusted: Commander Industry’s ‘Advanced Tactics’ moved to 11th level. ‘Presence of Courage’ moved to 14th + has an extra effect.
### V2
- New: Features: Tool Expertise, Gauss Round, Sharpened Mind, Master Machinist
- New: Subclass: Commander Industry.
- New: Gadgets: Bishop Autoturret, Rook Autoturret, Satellite Beam
- Adjusted: Combat Roll Improvement is now gained at 7th level, rather than 14th.
- Adjusted: Rapid Recharge now only gains 15 battery points per short rest, but no longer has limited uses. The feature also improves at 18th level, upgrading to 30 points per short rest. Level has been changed from 13th to 14th.
- Adjusted Rapid Reload has been renamed to Reload.
- Removed: Features: Tactician, Ricochet, Ricochet Improvement, Peloton, Bullet Storm.
- Reworked: Marksman Industry Between the Eyes feature now negates any possible disadvantage on firearm attacks against creatures with certain conditions.
- Reworked: Demolition Industry Demolisher feature now doubles the damage of weapon and grenade damage against objects and structures.
- Adjusted: Automaton Industry Automaton Queen feature now allows the Machinist to sacrifice an attack to allow the Automaton to attack.
- Adjusted: Rapid Repair has been renamed Quick Repairs
- Adjusted: Dismantle gadget has been buffed to reduce AC by 2 for the duration.
- Adjusted: Heartbreaker gadget damage buffed from 3d4/5d4 to 3d6/6d6.
- Adjusted: Smoke Bomb gadget battery cost reduce to 10 from 15.
- Changed some text to remove erroneous words
### V1 - 25/04/2022
- First draft of the class. 22 Gadgets, and 3 subclasses; Automaton, Demolition and Marksman Industries.

## Monk

## Ninja

## Paladin

## Reaper

## Red Mage

## Sage

### V3
- New: Sublcass: Dracology Study
- Fixed: The version number for V0.2 in the changelog.
- Adjusted: Sagely Versatility is now an optional feature. Wording was also fixed to refer to Studied, rather than Expertise.
- Adjusted: Spells known have now been adjusted to match the scaling of other classes.
- Adjusted: The wording of Eukrasia effects has been cleaned up and altered to clarify the expending of a use of Eukrasia.
### V2
- Adjusted: The wording on Studied has been updated to better resemble similar features.
- New: Subclass: Gravitology Study
- Adjusted: Kardia now restores hit points equal to your Intelligence modifier.
- Adjusted: Kardia now also restores hit points when you cast a healing spell.
- Adjusted: Improved Kardia’s additional healing is equal to the level of spell cast.
- Reworked: Techne Makre now summons a single object that heals in an area, and continues to heal each turn.
- Adjusted: The Zoe spell has had multiple changes. It is now a 2nd level spell, it requires a bonus action to cast, and requires concentration. Upcasting is now every 2 levels, like Spiritual Weapon.
- Adjusted: Holos now has a limit of 6 creatures, to bring it closer in line to similar spells like Mass Cure Wounds.
- Adjusted: Mesotes has had it’s wording changed to be clearer.
- Adjusted: The temporary hit points of Holos now have a duration.
### V1
First draft of the class. 8 custom spells and 3 subclasses; Aetherology, Vivilogy and Illicitology Studies.

## Samurai

### V3
- New: Subclass: Master of the Mind.
- Adjusted: Iaijutsu no longer regains an expended use when rolling initiative. Uses increased by one from the start.
- Adjusted: Mediation now takes 10 minutes. The madness supressing applies to all madness effects.
- Adjusted: The healing from Focused Meditation can only be gained after meditating in a short rest.
- Adjusted: Third Eye now only applies to Strength, Dexterity or Constitution saving throws.
- Reworked: Master of the Blade has had a rull redesign. Way of the Artisan replaces Weapon Bond, Martial Stance replaces Hissatsu Chiten, Iaijutsu: Shōja Hitsumetsu has a new effect, and Hissatsu Shinten replaces Greater Reflexes.
- Adjusted: Master of Spirit’s ‘Test of Spirit.’ The wording has been adjusted for better readability. The damage when attacking a creature other than you has been changed to your Wisdom modifier, and no longer requires a saving throw.
- Removed: Master of the Wind’s ‘Hissatsu Gyoten.’ Replaced by ‘Gathering Storm.’
- Adjusted: Master of the Wind’s ‘Gale Force’ now triggers when gathering storm is active. The same is true for ‘Tornado Steps.’
- Adjusted: Master of Blood’s ‘Bloodbath.’ Now empowers the next attack to have advantage and deal additional damage equal to PB. HP lost lowered to twice PB.

### V2
- Adjusted: Proficiencies gained at 1st level now includes all armour and shields, as well as all martial weapons.
- Adjusted: Starting equipment has been changed. Chain mail replaces scale mail, you can now recieve a martial weapon and a shield or two martial weapons, as well as a shortsword or a shortbow and 20 arrows. Shortsword has been removed from the guaranteed equipment.
- Adjusted: laijutsu techniques now serve as upgrades to attacks, rather than action replacements. Iaijutsu no longer regains uses when reducing a creature to O HP or after using a reaction. Now, you regain one use when rolling initiative. You also gain extra uses at levels 6, 11 and 1 7, rather than 10 and 15. The damage increase of laijutsu techniques has been moved to levels 11 and 17. Iaijutsu can now only be used once per turn.
- Adjustd: Iaijutsu: Tenka Goken damage buffed to 3d6/4d6/5d6.
- Adjusted: Meditation no longer reduces exhaustion. Meditation now suppresses madness for I hour, rather  than completely removing it. The advantage on a Wisdom check effect now also lasts for I hour.
- Adjusted: Hissatsu Kaiten has a new limitation, based on resource rather than risking exhausion. Like laijutsu, this can be regained in multiple ways.
- Reworked: Versatile fighting style has a completely new effect, thanks in part to u/LaIIiman.
- Reworked: Samurai Disciplines gain features at 10th level, instead of 1lth.
- Adjustd: Martial Versatility is now an optional feature.
- Removed: Steel Body
- New: Third Eye at level 9 serves as a means to improve the Samurai's saving throws.
- Adjusted: laijutsu: Hagakure is now gained at 1 3th level. It no longer heals, or grants advantage, or an additional attack. Instead, it grants temporary hit points.
- Adjusted: Tsubame-Gaeshi has a new effect. Now it allows for 2 laijutsu techniques per turn, and adds your Wisdom modifier to laijutsu damage, carried over from Kenki Mastery's old effect.
- Adjustd: Master of the Blade's Hissatsu Chiten feature no longer reduces damage taken, but is no longer limited to melee attacks.
- Adjusted: Bond of Steel has additional non-combat effects.
- Adjustd: Iaijutsu: Shöja Hitsumetsu has a new effect.
- Adjustd: Greater Reflexes requires you to be holding a weapon, and the extra reaction can only be used on Hissatsu Chiten and opportunity attacks.
- Removed: Master of the Wind's Wind Walker feature.
- New: Wind Whisperer is a new ribbon feature for Master of the Wind.
- Adjusted: Hissatsu Gyoten's wording has been adjusted, and is now responsible for Master of the Wind's movement speed increase.
- New: Master of Blood subclass.

### Vl
- First draft of the class. 3 subclasses; Master ofthe Blade, Master of the Spirit and Master of the Wind.

## Scholar

## Summoner

### V2
- New: Heavens Arcanum
- Adjusted: Egis and Demis have had AC, HP and damage adjusted across the board; all AC now scales with PB; weapon attack damage factors in ability scores.
- Adjusted: All Egi and Demi Enkindles now scale with proficiency bonus (with the exception of Ravana and Bismarck).
- Adjusted: Spare the dying, cure wounds, healing word and revivify have been removed from the summoner spell list.
- Reworked: Changed from a prepared caster to a spells known caster.
- Adjusted: Number of cantrips reduced by 1 at all levels.
- Adjusted: Added some text to tri-disaster to clarify a situation where a creature is in multiple of the spheres.
### V1
- First draft of the class. 2 custom spells, 15 egis, and three subclasses: Dreadwyrm, Colossus and Firebird arcanums.

## Warrior

## White Mage

Commit message:

PDF Update
- Updated with PDFs of Legacy Versions of each class. Includes 5 from first playtest + Monk + Astrologian
- Added Chocobo demo creature to json
- Updated README

README.md, after:

# Light-Party-5e
Light Party 5e - A project converting FFXIV to D&amp;D 5th Edition

# Changelog

## Astrologian
Added in Light Party V1.0.0 - Before the Dawn Edition
### V1 - 25/05/2024
- First draft of the class, with 12 fate cards, 5 subclasses and 6 new spells.
## Bard

## Black Mage

## Blue Mage

## Dancer

## Dark Knight

## Dragoon

## Gunbreaker
Added in Light Party V1.0.0 - Before the Dawn Edition
### V2
- New: Subclasses: Shadow Hunter & Chemmonger Contingents
- Adjusted: Burst Strike upgrade at Level 11 allows you to push a creature back 15 feet, rather than dropping an item.
- Adjusted: Provoker fighting style can only be used once per turn; now only effects creatures within 5 feet
- Adjusted: Cleaned up the wording on Brutal Shell; now allows for you to directly give the target the temp HP when targetting another creature.
- Reworked: Bloodfest now restores two cartridges when you roll initiative and have no cartridges remaining.
- Adjusted: Queen’s Guard Contingent’s Royal Guard has had it’s wording cleaned up, duration shortened, and range reduced to 5 feet.
- Adjusted: Superbolide requires a reaction to activate.
- Adjusted: Ravager Contingent’s No Mercy no longer grants extra damage, or gives a penalty to AC; now gives advantage if the target has less than half HP, and 10 extra speed; now only lasts until the end of the user’s turn.
- Adjusted: Ravager Contingent’s Terminal Trigger now triggers when reducing a creature to less than half HP; it also requires a cartridge and a bonus action to execute.
- Adjusted: Ravager Contingent’s Wicked Talon no longer requires a cartridge.
### V1 - 25/04/2022
- First draft of the class. 3 subclasses: Queen’s Guard, Ravager and Elementalist Contingents

## Machinist
Added in Light Party V1.0.0 - Before the Dawn Edition
### V3
- New: Subclass: Construction Industry
- New: Gadgets: Defibrillator, Hoverboard
- Fixed: Missing gadget from V2: Drill
- Adjusted: Battery Points start at 25, scaling to 120, rather than scaling with level.
- Adjusted: All gadgets now require either an action or bonus action to activate. Gadget heat gain has been adjusted across the board.
- Adjusted: Subclasses now gain features at 7th, 11th and 14th level, rather than 6th, 10th and 15th.
- Adjusted: All subclass main 3rd level features now cost battery, are considered gadgets, and gain heat.
- Removed: Extra Attack, Reload, Gauss Round. Leans into firearms loading property only allowing one attack, and most gadgets being Actions anyway.
- Reworked: Hypercharge now doubles stored heat dice, as many bonus action gadget options grant a single heat die now.
- Adjusted: Tool Expertise and Combat Roll Improvement moved to 6th level.
- Reworked: Master Machinist gives damage bonus on gadgets & heat damage.
- Adjusted: Rapid Recharge is now at 18th level, rather than gained at 14th and improved at 18th.
- Adjusted: Reassemble can now be reused for a hefty battery point cost.
- Reworked: Marksman Industry’s ‘Grazing Shot’ is now ‘Graze Scope.’
- Adjusted: Marksman Industry’s ‘Between the Eyes’ is now ‘Marksman’s Spite.’ Same effect, but it now deals extra damage if the attack beats the target’s AC by 5 or more.
- Adjusted: Demolition Industry’s ‘Explosive Innovator’ is now ‘Elemental Grenades.’ Now costs battery and damage is reduced to 2d6.
- Adjusted: Demolition Industry’s ‘Greater Grenades’ increases the damage of grenades to 3d6 as well as heat gain.
- Adjusted: Automaton Industry’s ‘Automaton Queen’ now requires an action and 20 battery points to summon. Pile Bunker costs battery, damage recued to 2d8. Automaton Queen can now be healed by the mending cantrip. Can no longer sacrifice attack to allow it to attack.
- Adjusted: Automaton Industry’s ‘Quick Repairs’ no longer lets you heal the Automaton Queen.
- Removed: Automaton Industry’s ‘Promotion.’
- New: Mechanical Fury at 11th level for the Automaton Industry.
- Adjusted: Automaton Industry’s ‘Emergency Barrier’ moved to 14th level. Can now be triggered from any damage.
- Adjusted: Commander Industry’s ‘Tactician’ is now ‘Tactical Radio.’
- Adjusted: Changed the wording of the Commander Industry Analysis feature to clarify “strongest” and “weakest” saving throws. The feature now only requires a bonus action to be used.
- Adjusted: Commander Industry’s ‘Advanced Tactics’ moved to 11th level. ‘Presence of Courage’ moved to 14th + has an extra effect.
### V2
- New: Features: Tool Expertise, Gauss Round, Sharpened Mind, Master Machinist
- New: Subclass: Commander Industry.
- New: Gadgets: Bishop Autoturret, Rook Autoturret, Satellite Beam
- Adjusted: Combat Roll Improvement is now gained at 7th level, rather than 14th.
- Adjusted: Rapid Recharge now only gains 15 battery points per short rest, but no longer has limited uses. The feature also improves at 18th level, upgrading to 30 points per short rest. Level has been changed from 13th to 14th.
- Adjusted Rapid Reload has been renamed to Reload.
- Removed: Features: Tactician, Ricochet, Ricochet Improvement, Peloton, Bullet Storm.
- Reworked: Marksman Industry Between the Eyes feature now negates any possible disadvantage on firearm attacks against creatures with certain conditions.
- Reworked: Demolition Industry Demolisher feature now doubles the damage of weapon and grenade damage against objects and structures.
- Adjusted: Automaton Industry Automaton Queen feature now allows the Machinist to sacrifice an attack to allow the Automaton to attack.
- Adjusted: Rapid Repair has been renamed Quick Repairs
- Adjusted: Dismantle gadget has been buffed to reduce AC by 2 for the duration.
- Adjusted: Heartbreaker gadget damage buffed from 3d4/5d4 to 3d6/6d6.
- Adjusted: Smoke Bomb gadget battery cost reduce to 10 from 15.
- Changed some text to remove erroneous words
### V1 - 25/04/2022
- First draft of the class. 22 Gadgets, and 3 subclasses; Automaton, Demolition and Marksman Industries.

## Monk
### V1 16/05/2024
 - First draft of the class, complete with 3 subclasses, 2 beta subclasses, and 18 Masterful Blitz techniques.

## Ninja

## Paladin

## Reaper

## Red Mage

## Sage
Added in Light Party V1.0.0 - Before the Dawn Edition
### V3
- New: Sublcass: Dracology Study
- Fixed: The version number for V0.2 in the changelog.
- Adjusted: Sagely Versatility is now an optional feature. Wording was also fixed to refer to Studied, rather than Expertise.
- Adjusted: Spells known have now been adjusted to match the scaling of other classes.
- Adjusted: The wording of Eukrasia effects has been cleaned up and altered to clarify the expending of a use of Eukrasia.
### V2
- Adjusted: The wording on Studied has been updated to better resemble similar features.
- New: Subclass: Gravitology Study
- Adjusted: Kardia now restores hit points equal to your Intelligence modifier.
- Adjusted: Kardia now also restores hit points when you cast a healing spell.
- Adjusted: Improved Kardia’s additional healing is equal to the level of spell cast.
- Reworked: Techne Makre now summons a single object that heals in an area, and continues to heal each turn.
- Adjusted: The Zoe spell has had multiple changes. It is now a 2nd level spell, it requires a bonus action to cast, and requires concentration. Upcasting is now every 2 levels, like Spiritual Weapon.
- Adjusted: Holos now has a limit of 6 creatures, to bring it closer in line to similar spells like Mass Cure Wounds.
- Adjusted: Mesotes has had it’s wording changed to be clearer.
- Adjusted: The temporary hit points of Holos now have a duration.
### V1
First draft of the class. 8 custom spells and 3 subclasses; Aetherology, Vivilogy and Illicitology Studies.

## Samurai
Added in Light Party V1.0.0 - Before the Dawn Edition
### V3
- New: Subclass: Master of the Mind.
- Adjusted: Iaijutsu no longer regains an expended use when rolling initiative. Uses increased by one from the start.
- Adjusted: Mediation now takes 10 minutes. The madness supressing applies to all madness effects.
- Adjusted: The healing from Focused Meditation can only be gained after meditating in a short rest.
- Adjusted: Third Eye now only applies to Strength, Dexterity or Constitution saving throws.
- Reworked: Master of the Blade has had a rull redesign. Way of the Artisan replaces Weapon Bond, Martial Stance replaces Hissatsu Chiten, Iaijutsu: Shōja Hitsumetsu has a new effect, and Hissatsu Shinten replaces Greater Reflexes.
- Adjusted: Master of Spirit’s ‘Test of Spirit.’ The wording has been adjusted for better readability. The damage when attacking a creature other than you has been changed to your Wisdom modifier, and no longer requires a saving throw.
- Removed: Master of the Wind’s ‘Hissatsu Gyoten.’ Replaced by ‘Gathering Storm.’
- Adjusted: Master of the Wind’s ‘Gale Force’ now triggers when gathering storm is active. The same is true for ‘Tornado Steps.’
- Adjusted: Master of Blood’s ‘Bloodbath.’ Now empowers the next attack to have advantage and deal additional damage equal to PB. HP lost lowered to twice PB.

### V2
- Adjusted: Proficiencies gained at 1st level now includes all armour and shields, as well as all martial weapons.
- Adjusted: Starting equipment has been changed. Chain mail replaces scale mail, you can now recieve a martial weapon and a shield or two martial weapons, as well as a shortsword or a shortbow and 20 arrows. Shortsword has been removed from the guaranteed equipment.
- Adjusted: laijutsu techniques now serve as upgrades to attacks, rather than action replacements. Iaijutsu no longer regains uses when reducing a creature to O HP or after using a reaction. Now, you regain one use when rolling initiative. You also gain extra uses at levels 6, 11 and 1 7, rather than 10 and 15. The damage increase of laijutsu techniques has been moved to levels 11 and 17. Iaijutsu can now only be used once per turn.
- Adjustd: Iaijutsu: Tenka Goken damage buffed to 3d6/4d6/5d6.
- Adjusted: Meditation no longer reduces exhaustion. Meditation now suppresses madness for I hour, rather  than completely removing it. The advantage on a Wisdom check effect now also lasts for I hour.
- Adjusted: Hissatsu Kaiten has a new limitation, based on resource rather than risking exhausion. Like laijutsu, this can be regained in multiple ways.
- Reworked: Versatile fighting style has a completely new effect, thanks in part to u/LaIIiman.
- Reworked: Samurai Disciplines gain features at 10th level, instead of 1lth.
- Adjustd: Martial Versatility is now an optional feature.
- Removed: Steel Body
- New: Third Eye at level 9 serves as a means to improve the Samurai's saving throws.
- Adjusted: laijutsu: Hagakure is now gained at 1 3th level. It no longer heals, or grants advantage, or an additional attack. Instead, it grants temporary hit points.
- Adjusted: Tsubame-Gaeshi has a new effect. Now it allows for 2 laijutsu techniques per turn, and adds your Wisdom modifier to laijutsu damage, carried over from Kenki Mastery's old effect.
- Adjustd: Master of the Blade's Hissatsu Chiten feature no longer reduces damage taken, but is no longer limited to melee attacks.
- Adjusted: Bond of Steel has additional non-combat effects.
- Adjustd: Iaijutsu: Shöja Hitsumetsu has a new effect.
- Adjustd: Greater Reflexes requires you to be holding a weapon, and the extra reaction can only be used on Hissatsu Chiten and opportunity attacks.
- Removed: Master of the Wind's Wind Walker feature.
- New: Wind Whisperer is a new ribbon feature for Master of the Wind.
- Adjusted: Hissatsu Gyoten's wording has been adjusted, and is now responsible for Master of the Wind's movement speed increase.
- New: Master of Blood subclass.

### Vl
- First draft of the class. 3 subclasses; Master ofthe Blade, Master of the Spirit and Master of the Wind.

## Scholar

## Summoner
Added in Light Party V1.0.0 - Before the Dawn Edition
### V2
- New: Heavens Arcanum
- Adjusted: Egis and Demis have had AC, HP and damage adjusted across the board; all AC now scales with PB; weapon attack damage factors in ability scores.
- Adjusted: All Egi and Demi Enkindles now scale with proficiency bonus (with the exception of Ravana and Bismarck).
- Adjusted: Spare the dying, cure wounds, healing word and revivify have been removed from the summoner spell list.
- Reworked: Changed from a prepared caster to a spells known caster.
- Adjusted: Number of cantrips reduced by 1 at all levels.
- Adjusted: Added some text to tri-disaster to clarify a situation where a creature is in multiple of the spheres.
### V1
- First draft of the class. 2 custom spells, 15 egis, and three subclasses: Dreadwyrm, Colossus and Firebird arcanums.

## Warrior

## White Mage
